DNB GitHub Labour Mobility – Collaboration info

This repository is intended to collect and share materials and knowledge on labour mobility with stakeholders involved in this topic.
We share code and documentation here to support working with data and to provide insights into different methods.
Read this document for explanation and guidelines.
If you have any questions or uncertainties, please email a.ruland@dnb.nl or create an Issue.
This document consists of three sections:

This document consists of three sections:
1. Working with GitHub
2. Collaboration guidelines
3. GitHub tips & tricks

If you want to actively participate, read this file. Note that to be able to add scrips you need permission. Please create an Issue for this.
The following guidelines intended for people with permission to add scripts.

1. Working with GitHub
GitHub makes it possible to share and edit code (e.g. do-files) without overwriting each other’s changes.
These files are stored in a repository (or repo). There is a main repository containing everything (the remote).
It is useful to create a clone of this remote repository on your own computer or working environment.
At the moment of creation, this clone is identical to the remote repository.
Initially, the repository consists of a “main” branch (hereafter: main).
It is common practice to create a new branch if you want to make changes.
You can implement your changes in this new branch.
Once you are finished and satisfied with your changes, you can push the new branch to the remote.
There, the changes are reviewed by the code owner and merged into the main branch.
Afterwards, the new branch can be deleted both locally and on the remote.

2. Collaboration guidelines
To prevent do-files (or other code files) from being changed without the creator’s consent,
all modifications must be approved by the code owner.
In this repository, it is standard practice that the creator of a file becomes its code owner.
If you want to upload new files, please place them in a newly created folder.
Name this folder after the organisation of the uploader and describe what the code in the folder does.
In the CODEOWNERS file, you can then specify that you are the code owner of that folder.
These changes can be made as described under section 1.

3. GitHub tips & tricks
If you are new to Git or GitHub, please read the introductory document:
GitHub_DNB_Arbeidsmobiliteit.docx in this repository.
If something is unclear or not working properly, you can report an issue by clicking “Issues” in the top-left corner.
Then create a “New Issue”. The administrator of this repository will review it and either resolve the issue or get in touch.
You can also use these “Issues” for content-related questions, such as questions or explanations about the code itself.

We look forward to a productive collaboration!
Git going!
Maikel and Astrid
